does whatever a spider came into web any
size can't you see just like eyes bug
out comes the spider-man
that's right guys I'm actually going to
do my first spider-man I want your video
that's going to be basically like dragon
ball I wonder only you know with
spider-man and I'm also looking to do
this with other super arrow characters
as well probably other stories what not
at some point but for now let's do the
first Stallman of spider-man I want
there and one thing I've always wondered
about spider-man is particularly talking
about the TV show yes comical people
you're going to have to wait for episode
devoted to that but one thing I've
always wondered about the cartoons is
that like why they made a good spiderman
cartoon since let's say spectacular
spider-man or even since spider-man bad
TAS and for those don't know TAS means
that means the animated series basically
like most of the series of superheroes
that they called at the 90s so you know
Superman TAS Batman TAS spider-man TAS
iron iron man TAS and Hulk das so on and
so forth and x-men tas so on now one
thing I've always loved about spider-man
TAS was that I would say it's a good
balance between like a Saturday morning
cartoon and Mike content from the comic
books because I actually read like
wiki's on it and actually said that
added quite a bit from love comic books
and it's they said it was the most
accurate to the comics up to that point
like they had been making experiments
series since the 1960s and this is the
most accurate to the comics whereas the
other ones weren't as much there's quite
a few characters I've enjoyed the series
not just their voices with their
personality and so on like course
spider-man but also others like
Hobgoblin venom and carnage Iron Man and
so many others even the black cat and I
also really enjoyed the
jewelry lines of the series and I
noticed that the more it went on the
more complex stories became like I first
they're rather simplistic you know
typical spider man fights scorpion or
rhino or shocker and stuff but i noticed
that near the middle and especially near
the end they started to focus even more
on comic book stories like for example
secret wars and and i'm not sure like
where spider-carnage was from in the
comics like what specific story but I
definitely remember they focus on secret
wars which is a big event Marvel
especially in spider-man so I mean I
always enjoyed the anime series even
when I go back to it now I could still
watch it which is more than I can say
for most Series from the nineties well
not most but a lot and I also remember
somewhat spider-man limited and
personally I didn't like it I thought it
was complete crap to be honest the only
thing I liked about it was that they did
a fusion between carnage and venom
Barnidge I think or something like that
and it turns out I was the only one who
didn't like the series i read that the
series got cancelled after one season
goes to show you what a mistake they
made replacing TAS with this well I
guess chaos ended but but yeah that
didn't live up to spider-man TAS and its
legacy or whatever see after that they
made the new adventures of spiderman
which i also saw some of an i really
like that much either and that was one
of those shows that came and went would
be surprises that made people forgot
about it and after that they had
spectacular spiderman which in my
opinion i actually liked it when it came
on i mean i think that since the
animated series is probably the most
accurate of the comics and not only that
but also the best representation of
spider-man and many also claim that's
actually the best representation
spider-man outside the comics so you
know it's something that's very
significant and definitely mile still in
spider-man TV history now like the only
thing I didn't like about spectacular
spiderman I would say was probably the
the animation other than that the suit
series is good too bad a guy canceled
after two seasons oh well then we come
to ultimate spider-man good gosh this is
probably the worst spider-man series
i've ever seen and it's not that like it
looks bad in terms of like animations
the animation is actually pretty good
the only problem well not only but main
problem I have with this series was just
the premise of it the lack of
faithfulness to the comics as a thing
only read the comments that much but
even I could point out the flaws it's
like for instance he doesn't work for JJ
one of the people that have inspired the
state Spiderman was Nick Fury and
another thing I didn't like the show was
there was way too many crossover the
season one it was so ridiculous data
crossover every freaking episode I mean
that's one thing I've always been
wondering I mean I could go on but I
don't want to save my further thoughts
for other videos but I mean to me
overall spider-man TAS will always be
the best spider-man series that I've
seen I although I like spectacular I do
think there were certain things missing
from with that spire my TAS seem to
deliver for me I mean to me tas has
always been the best and I could still
watch it so that's a testament to just
how good the series was anyway I hope
you enjoyed the video see you guys later